Data

Datastore: A scalable, fully-managed NoSQL document database for your web and mobile applications. 
      Good for: 
           Semi-structured application data 
           Hierarchical data 
           Durable key-value data 

      Workload: 
          User profiles 
          Product catalogs 
          Game state 
---------------------
          
Bigtable: A scalable, fully-managed NoSQL wide-column database that is suitable for both real-time access and analytics workloads. Bigtable is ideal for very large NoSQL datasets and is useful for high-speed transactions and analysis. 
It integrates well with ML. Dataproc, and analytics 

     Good for 
          Low-latency read/write access 
          High-throughput analytics 
          Native time series support 

      Work load 
          IoT, finance, adtech 
          Personalization, recommendations 
          Monitoring 
          Geospatial datasets 
          Graphs 
      Cloud Bigtable is the most performant storage option to work with IoT and time series data. Although both Datastore and Bigtable are NoSQL databases, Bigtable is able to support over a petabyte of data and is useful for high speed analytics as well, whereas Datastore is not.
 --------------------------

Cloud Dataflow (https://cloud.google.com/dataflow/) is a fully-managed service for transforming and enriching data in stream (real time) and batch (historical) modes with equal reliability and expressiveness - no more complex workarounds or compromises needed. 
And with its serverless approach to resource provisioning and management, you have access to virtually limitless capacity to solve your biggest data processing challenges, while paying only for what you use. 

Cloud Dataflow unlocks transformational use cases across industries, including: 
•	check Clickstream, Point-of-Sale, and segmentation analysis in retail
•	check Fraud detection in financial services
•	check Personalized user experience in gaming
•	check IoT analytics in manufacturing, healthcare, and logistics

Dataflow acts as your data processing pipeline for ETL functions on both streaming and batch data. 
https://s3.amazonaws.com/whizlabs-pub/GCP+Professional+Cloud+Architect+Images/GCP+PCA_PT1/PT1_Q15.png
-------------------------
Cloud Dataproc
This is the only choice in the answers you can (almost) directly map to your on-premises Apache Spark/Hadoop platform and meet the requirements “scale this upcoming demand with the least amount of operations work and code change”. 

Cloud Dataproc is a fast, easy-to-use, fully-managed cloud service for running Apache Spark and Apache Hadoop clusters in a simpler, more cost-efficient way. Operations that used to take hours or days take seconds or minutes instead, and you pay only for the resources you use (with per-second billing). Cloud Dataproc also easily integrates with other Google Cloud Platform (GCP) services, giving you a powerful and complete platform for data processing, analytics and machine learning. 
https://cloud.google.com/dataproc/
------

